feat: add MainPages component (#2745)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-components.mdx

* [TabularMainPage](#tabularmainpage)
* [TabularDetailPage](#tabulardetailpage)
* [TabHeader](#tabheader)

> * [CustomFormMainPage](#customformmainpage)
> * [FormMainPage](#formmainpage)
> * [InfoMainPage](#infomainpage)

Reviewer: The components appear in the reverse order both in content and in sidebar so perhaps it would be better to adjust it here:
```suggestion
* [InfoMainPage](#infomainpage)
* [FormMainPage](#formmainpage)
* [CustomFormMainPage](#customformmainpage)
```

Author: Updated [6417510](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/2745/commits/641751086c14b5f72b8472b771eb34065bfa415e)

| `children`                      | `node`                          |    ✅    | -                        | Content rendered within the page. It's expected to have its style fully customized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

### Static properties

  ```
* Page Header title

  Pre-configured page header title component to use as part of a custom title row.

  ```js
  InfoMainPage.PageHeaderTitle = PageHeaderTitle;
  ```

## FormMainPage

<Playground urlPath="form-main-page" />

> Form Main pages are controlled components used to render a page with a form or something that requires user input. Similar to `<FormModalPage>` but not rendered as a modal. The header includes buttons to control the submission or cancellation of the form. These buttons can be overwritten with custom controls by using the `<CustomFormMainPage>` component.

Reviewer: nit: suggestion

```suggestion
Form Main pages are controlled components used to render a page with a form or something that requires user input. Similar to `<FormModalPage>` but not rendered as a modal. The header includes buttons to control the submission or cancellation of the form.

If you need to customize these buttons, you will need to use the `<CustomFormMainPage>` component instead.
```

Author: Updated [6417510](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/2745/commits/641751086c14b5f72b8472b771eb34065bfa415e)

| `children`                      | `node`                          |    ✅    | -                        | Content rendered within the page. It's expected to have its style fully customized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

### Static properties

>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: Updated [1d14dd0](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/pull/2745/commits/1d14dd0ff9c382deda21463d60e9be2cf2726dd3)
